Sbs-650:
PREMIUM FLAT DOOR DESIGN
Modern design with attention to details
Designed to meet even the most demanding users. Because of its premium appearance with flat door design, recessed handles and high quality materials this fridge-freezer is a perfect fit for any modern kitchen.
MY FRESH CHOICE
Storage on demand
My Fresh Choice zone can be easily converted from fridge to freezer with temperature settings going from -18°C all the way to +5°C, depending on what you want to store at that moment. By setting the temperature you need, you create a perfect environment for your food, efficiently prolonging its freshness and taste.
3- TRIPLE ZONE
One fridge, three compartments
This fridge-freezer is fully adaptable to your needs. It has three different compartments with flexible temperatures - fridge, freezer, and My Fresh Choice section, each with their own controls. You can set the fridge and the freezer to whatever temperature suits you most.
Big Capacity
Store and see more
It has a big capacity, so there’s plenty of space in the fridge and freezer to store any shape or type of food. It also has four doors that open out wide, so you can see everything at a glance.
Metal Glide Drawers
Easy access to your frozen goods
All frozen items, even the largest ones, can now be reached easier and quicker, thanks to the durable metal easy-glide runners. Transparent design of the drawer, which can hold up to 27 kg, offers clear overview of the content.
Metal Cooling
Cool air in everycorner
The rear wall of the fridge is overlaid with stainless steel, which ensures the cool air is distributed evenly from the inside out. This combination of advanced technologies ensures ideal temperature and humidity levels at all times.
Cantilever Shelves / Height-adjustable Shelves
Flexible storage
Enjoy flexibility with the fully adjustable shelves. If you want more space between the shelves, simply take one out and place it on a different shelf-holder. That way you can tailor the inside of the fridge specially to your needs. This way all the large bottles, mason jars ortall cakes will fit perfectly inside the fridge.
No-plumbed Water Dispenser
Fresh, cool water never looked so good
The non-plumbed water dispenser is seamlessly integrated into the flat door of the refrigerator. Just pour fresh water into the water reservoir and enjoy perfectly chilled water, any time.
Inverter Technology
For energy savings and a longer lasting appliance
Modern inverter compressors measure the conditions inside your fridge and adjust the cooling output accordingly, to ensure a stable temperature, save energy and run quieter, while also extending your appliance’s lifespan.
Precise Temp Control
Maximum energy efficiency 
Five highly-effective Digital Temp Sensors are built into the refrigerator (as shown in blue spot), which are engineered to optimally adjust the cooling level of the fridge.
Metal Recessed Handle
Luxurious details
A modern design with a recessed handle fits perfectly with any existing kitchen design.
Big Door Balcony
Easy to store bigger & taller Items
A Big Door Balcony lets you safety store bigger & taller items inside the door. It can handle bulky cartons of milk and juice and two rows of drink cans and bottles. Totally six door balconies in the fridge provides huge spaces.
Bigger Drawers
Bigger space for frozen food
Hisense's all-new refrigerator has 2 huge space drawers which have a height of 220mm. That is good for placing larger items such as turkey and meatjoints.
Super Cool & Super Freezer
Fast cooling and freezing on demand
In order to rapidly cool down the weekly shopping the Super Cool function quickly drops the internal fridge temperature to a +2℃ for 6 hours. This is a great way to help keep the flavor, color and nutritional value of fresh food. Super Freeze rapidly lowers the temperature and freezes your food much faster than usual. This function retains the foods natural taste, original texture, as well as all the good vitamins and minerals.
Door Alarm
Kindly remind you when the door leave opens long
This appliance has a door alarm function to alert you when the temperature in your fridge or freezer rises too high as you accidently left the door opened, it can remind you to close the door in time for stopping cool air escaping.
توضیحات
یخچال و فریزر ساید بای ساید
مجهز به آبریز و یخساز
سیستم بدون برفک
سیستم گردش هوا در طبقات
انجماد سریع
صفحه نمایش دیجیتال
سـیستم یـخ زدایی خودکار
قـــــابلیت جــابــجایی طـــبقات
نوریکنواخت در فضای کابین یخچال
قابلیت دسترسی سریع و آسان به مواد غذایی  در کشو
ارتفاع (cm)
179
پهنا (cm)
91
عمق (cm)
73
وزن خالص (kg)
107
ظرفیت خالص یخچال (L)
415
ظرفیت خالص فریزر (L)
186